a group of technology-dependent
teenagers goes to offline camp and soon
they are encountered by deformed
creatures that are results of horrific
science experiments
welcome to total recaps
today we will explain a 2020 action
horror titled nobody sleeps in the woods
tonight
get ready for some spoilers take a seat
and enjoy
at the very beginning of the movie there
is a postman and he is visiting a woman
who lives deep in the woods
he hears a very strange noise in the
basement and suspects that someone is
being tortured there
he examines the commotion and even
expresses some sympathy and worries he
does not know what it is and we can only
guess
but one thing is certain does not have
good intentions
we hear screams of terror as the postman
is dragged in
next at another location we see a lot of
teenagers being sent to the camp and
having their phones taken away in the
next scene
it's been a few years since the postman
incident we witnessed moments ago there
are many teenagers in the camp but we
will focus on a smaller group of five of
them there is also isa who's their
leader on this journey to unknown
without technology
sasha is the quiet one and she dresses
modestly
anjela is an attractive young lady who
is popular in her school she likes to
play with her hair and draw boys
attention the team spends the night in
the camp and in the morning they start
their journey into the woods
as they were walking in the woods two
boys have a chat and start to argue
daniel engages in a fight with bartek
and pushes him iso arrives to chastise
daniel while julie goes out to
accidentally urinate on a dead deer
when he sees the deer which is right
next to him but he doesn't see for some
reason he freaks out isa arrives to
examine and her looks indicate that she
does not believe the deer was taken by
an animal but rather by something
considerably more frightening
isa on the other hand is a risk taker
and carries on rather than reporting an
unusual encounter or taking measures
meanwhile somewhere in the woods in a
small cabin a woman is seen bringing an
animal into the cellar before tripping
and falling whatever it is down there it
consumes the dead animal in seconds we
are back with the teenagers and it is
night time it seems like they will all
sleep in the woods tonight although the
title says they won't
anjela is bored and wants to have some
fun she goes off and flirts with daniel
and the two of them wind up going on a
date near the lake they start to kiss
each other and on yellow wants more so
she jumps him and offers him her body
after they had some fun on yellow leaves
leaving daniel alone in the dark which
turned out to be a huge mistake daniel
is attacked by a horrible man with boils
covering his entire body
daniel has smashed against a tree with
an incredible force while wrapped in his
sleeping bag
the group searches for daniel the next
morning but is unable to locate him
sasha notices blood on the tree but isa
ignores it saying it has nothing to do
with the missing person case she
discovers what anjela was doing instead
of sleeping at night and still does not
believe it is a good idea to inform
anyone else they are really fortunate to
have chosen the exact location where the
psycho killer is on the loose isa
advises that everyone break up and look
for daniel separately she refuses to
seek assistance from the other
counselors
while isa sasha and julik are searching
for daniel anyella is with bartek and
she starts to seduce him
he reveals he is not interested in girls
so she can leave him alone because she
is determined to sleep with him he's in
the middle of giving an emotional speech
when he notices onyela is silent he
turns around and discovers the cause
she's been stabbed in the mouth with a
metal rod so obviously she is dead
when bartek sees the monster he freaks
out and flees
meanwhile the others stumble upon a
cabin in the woods and they go in to
investigate
they search around the house or stumble
upon an entrance on the floor
they open it and immediately realize it
is a feeding ground for some creature
they find daniel's body down there and
they think about searching his body for
a cell phone but before they manage to
do so the creature itself appears
they seek shelter in the cellar while
the beast roaming upstairs
it hears the group hiding in the
basement so it reaches for them
teenagers escape the room while isa
wants to be a hero and confronts the
monster but it only decapitates her and
throws her head outside
meanwhile bartek escapes the other
monster he locates a church and
approaches the priest for assistance but
the priest instead ties him up due to
his conservative beliefs
as bartek is talking to a delusional
priest he hears something outside and
goes to investigate
there is a wood chopper running and when
priest approaches it the monster appears
and pushes him inside
bartek is able to break free and take
refuge in the confession box
however when the assailant enters the
church the scene shifts to the next
julic informs zasha that they need to
get back to grab daniel's phone but
julie isn't keen on stealing from the
dead and instead thinks it's a better
idea to dig for the monster's
backstories
as a result they venture into the woods
and stumble across an elderly man living
in a cabin he enjoys having visitors
with whom he can chat about his
neighbors he tells them about two
brothers who grew up with their mother
when an asteroid-like object fell from
the sky one night the mother didn't
bother to check if her twins were still
in bed
outside the twins decided it would be a
good idea to carry a smoky rock inside
and place it under their bed
the rock oozes black gunk later that
night corrupting the lads who
immediately want to go on a killing and
eating frenzy their dog is their only
source of food they could find so they
ate it the mother is horrified to
discover her son's munching on the dog
the next morning
she indulges her new monster sons by
bringing them animal meat rather than
doing anything else about it like
finding a cure or whatever
zasha wants to reconsider her plan to go
grab daniel's phone and julik is
attempting to impress her despite the
fact that he knows he doesn't stand a
chance
if he puts his life on the line for her
he believes she would reconsider him
while zasha tries to steal the phone
julik distracts one of the monsters
while zasha is searching for the cell
phone the monster appears and attacks
her
juliet then appears and stabs the
monster only to have its tongue torn out
with a single bite because zasha is the
final girl the monster knocks her out
and chains her up
the others are slain right away but she
isn't
julic is barely alive when she wakes up
he receives no love gestures from sasha
only a knife in his gut as he begs her
to kill him and put an end to his misery
zasha uses the knife to free herself
from her shackles and goes upstairs to
slay the snoozing monster with a machete
she stabs him many times as hard as she
can she believes she has killed him and
rushes outside to seek assistance
meanwhile the old man at the cabin hears
a knock and believes it is a monster he
doesn't ask any questions and he doesn't
check to see if it's the monster or not
he fires a shot and later opens the door
to discover a dead teenager not a
monster bartek had been spared by the
beast for whatever reason
meanwhile zasha is wandering around the
woods and eventually runs across a
police officer
he takes her on a ride as she persuades
him that there are monsters wandering
these areas and that they killed her
friends
he suddenly stops the vehicle because he
thinks he hit something even as sasha
attempts hopelessly to warn the cop
about horrific monsters that are lurking
in these parts the monster comes over to
kill him
she quickly breaks the window and climbs
into the driver's seat
she uses the vehicle to run over the
creature some few times and believe she
has killed him
she manages to flee but the monsters are
not some ordinary they are not dead yet
the rock has endowed them with many
special abilities one of which is an
eternal life meaning they cannot die for
good they get resurrected if they do
[Music]
thank you for watching
if you want to see more make sure to
subscribe and turn on notifications
see you later